chore: OpenAI/ Add documentation for setting model in requests (#585)
SAP/ai-sdk: docs-js/openai/openai.mdx

## Making Requests

`SapOpenAi` exposes three endpoints supported by SAP AI Core: `chat`, `embeddings`, and `responses`.
By default, requests are routed via the deployment URL configured at client initialization.

> You can optionally pass a `model` parameter in individual requests to route to a different deployment.

Reviewer: [pp]
```suggestion
You can optionally [pass a `model` parameter](#per-request-model-override) in individual requests to route to a different deployment.
```

});
```

## Per-Request Model Override

You can override the model for individual requests by passing a `model` parameter.
This lets a single client instance send requests to different deployments without re-initializing.

```ts
const client = await SapOpenAi.createClient({ deployment: 'gpt-5.4' });

// Uses the client's configured deployment (gpt-5.4)
const defaultResponse = await client.chat.completions.create({
  messages: [{ role: 'user', content: 'What is the capital of France?' }]
});

// Overrides to a different model for this request only
const overrideResponse = await client.chat.completions.create({
  model: 'gpt-5.4-nano',
  messages: [{ role: 'user', content: 'What is the capital of France?' }]
});
```

:::note
If the `model` parameter matches the client's configured deployment, no additional deployment resolution is performed.

> Deployment resolution results are cached, so overriding the model on repeated requests does not incur an API call each time.

Reviewer: [pp]
```suggestion
Deployment resolution results are cached, so overriding the model on repeated requests does not incur additional network requests.
```

});
```

## Per-Request Model Override

You can override the model (or deployment configuration) for individual requests by passing a `model` parameter.
This lets a single client instance send requests to different deployments without re-initializing.

```ts
const client = await SapOpenAi.createClient({ deployment: 'gpt-5.4' });

// Uses the client's configured deployment (gpt-5.4)
const defaultResponse = await client.chat.completions.create({
  messages: [{ role: 'user', content: 'What is the capital of France?' }]
});

// Overrides to a different model for this request only
const overrideResponse = await client.chat.completions.create({
  model: 'gpt-5.4-nano',
  messages: [{ role: 'user', content: 'What is the capital of France?' }]
});
```

You can also provide a full deployment object to target a specific version or resource group:

```ts
const response = await client.chat.completions.create({
  model: { modelName: 'gpt-5.4-nano', resourceGroup: 'my-resource-group' },
  messages: [{ role: 'user', content: 'What is the capital of France?' }]
});
```

> 

Reviewer: The types currently only accept strings, even if this works:

```suggestion
```

Author: Ah, I looked at the release notes, and thought this was possible, didn't look closely at the types.
